handbook: Remove PIPs (#4309)
FlowFuse/website: src/handbook/peopleops/organization.md

that is considered on par with the expectations of their role, the CEO and manager
will create a formal [Coaching Plan](/handbook/peopleops/coaching-plans/) for the employee.

**A Coaching Plan is a genuine opportunity from FlowFuse to the employee to get where they need to be.**
FlowFuse believes in supporting team members through structured development and clear expectations.
A Coaching Plan is intended to set the bar for both the manager and employee and have transparency
around expected performance, while providing the support and mentorship needed to succeed.

The Coaching Plan will outline the specific areas of underperformance, the specific steps
the employee must take to improve, the support and resources provided, and the timeline
for improvement. The employee will be required to sign the Coaching Plan and agree to its terms.

If an employee has been on a Coaching Plan before for performance issues and for the same
reasons enters this stage of the underperformance policy again, the CEO and manager can opt
for not providing another Coaching Plan. This ensures that a Coaching Plan is a genuine

> opportunity for change.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If an employee has previously completed a Coaching Plan for the same concerns and re-enters
this stage, the company may determine that a different approach is appropriate.
This helps ensure Coaching Plans remain a meaningful tool for growth.
```

### Termination

> If an employee's performance does not improve, or if they violate the terms of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If performance does not improve despite sustained coaching and support, or if serious
policy violations occur, termination may be considered.
```
